Myself Subhro Ghosh.
If you want to execute the program then download the JAR file and run it from cmd by giving the command "java -jar CBT_Project.jar", or ypu can directly run the class named "ATM_Interface.java". 

In my ATM service user 1st have to give their Ac. no..
If the ac no is new and not listed in our database then the user have to first register themselves by giving their name and setting the pin.
Now once the user register their ac they can access their ac any time by givig their pin.
If user gives a wrong pin then he have  chances to enter a correct pin. (After 3 unsuccessful attempts ATM will be closed).
If user gives the correct pin then the menu will pop up, and it has 7 operation as follows.

1) Deposit -> 			Here user have to enter the amt he want to deposit. If he enter 0 then he will come back to the menu.

2) Withdraw -> 			Here user 1st have to enter the ammount, If he enter 0 then he will come back to the menu.
	       			After that he has to enter the pin (For wrong pin he have 3 chances). If the pin is correct then three things can happen
				  i)  Ac balance is 0 -> It will show "First deposit some money"
				  ii) Ac balance < ammount -> It will show "Balance is insufficient"
				  iii)Ac balance > ammount -> It will show "Withdraw successful".

3) Balance Check -> 		It will show the current ac balance.

4) Set Pin -> 			Here user 1st have to enter the old pin, If he enter 0 then he will come back to the menu.
	      			(For wrong pin he have 3 chances). If the pin is correct then he has to give a new pin. If he enter 0 then he will come back to the menu.
	      			If the new pin has less than 4 digit then he have 3 chance. 
	      			If the new pin is same as old pin then he will come back to main menu.
	      			Else he has to re-enter the new pin. If both the pin does not match then he will go back to 1st step i.e., enter the old pin.
	      			If everything is okay then pin set successfully.

5) Money Transfer -> 		Here user 1st have to enter the ac number of some exixting customer.
		     		Then enter the ammount. And then enter pin.
		     		If the pin is correct then money will be transfered to the benificiery account.
		     		In between if the user enter 0 then he come back to main menu or if he enters the wrong pin then he has 3 chance to enter the correct pin.

6) Transction History -> 	It will show all the previous transction. 
			 	If the ac is new and no transction has been made then it will show "No Transction History"

7) Exit -> 			Exit from the program.
              